What is Rap Graph?
Rap Graph is an application that allows users to perform a lyric analysis on
musical artists using three unique graphical displays and to compare the data 
that has been gathered against that of the artists' peers.


The Mission:
Music is integral to the human condition. It is, therefore, our duty to understand
the music that we listen to to the best of our ability. By analyzing the data that
Rap Graph makes accessible, I hope to inspire in people a desire to make informed
decisions about the music to which they listen.


How to:
The first graphical representation for an artist's lyrics is the Tag Cloud.
Clicking on a rapper's bubble will display a word cloud of the artist's most
used lyrics displayed in such a way where the prevalence of an artist's lyrics
corresponds to the size of the word in the cloud.

The seond graphical representation for an artist's lyrics is the Influence Graph.
This graph allows the user to see which artists influenced one another.
The color of the line drawn between an artist and the artist who has influenced 
that artist the most depends on the influential artist. For example, if both 
Common and Nas were influenced heavily by Nas, then the line linking them and Nas
would be the same color.
Clicking on any artist will give the user a small blurb explaining the number
of unique words that the artist has and the artist's popularity by an algorithm
based on an algorithm that measures the artist's popularity on twitter.

The third graphical representation of an artist's lyrics is the Literal Diversity
Graph. This graph measures the number of unique words that the artist uses in
the first 20000 words of his or her discography along the x-axis and measures 
his or her twitter popularity along the y-axis.
Similarly to the Influence Graph, clicking on any artist will show the user an
Artist's popularity on twitter and his or her number of unique words.

At any point the user can click on the red plus sign on the upper right to add
an artist the list of artists who are being analyzed or click the yellow button
on the upper left to return to the home screen.